{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\readonlydoc1\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12200\viewh18120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Instructions for Installing Kermit for use with MacWIse\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Kermit Installation is optional\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 If your host requires Kermit file transfers, then read the following instructions for installing Kermit.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Download Kermit from Columbia University\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.columbia.edu/kermit/ckbinaries.html#apple"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.columbia.edu/kermit/ckbinaries.html#apple}}\
Look under the Apple heading for the version that matches your operating system version.\
Note that Mac OSX Lion requires the X86_64 version which is Intel.\
The file you download will have a rather cryptic name such as\
cku301.macosx-x86-10.6.8
\f1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 This is not an installer file. (Do not double click on the file)\
Rename this file to kermit (all lower case).\
Then drag the kermit file into the kermit folder.\
The kermit folder is in your user library folder. ( ~User/Library/Application Support/MacWise/kermit )\
To locate this folder, open any finder window and click on your home icon. Then open the Library folder and look for Application Support/MacWise/kermit.\
\
That's it. Now, put a check mark on Kermit under the MacWise Connection Menu and the next time you log into your host, you will be connected using Kermit.\
----------------------------------------------------------------------------\

\b NOTES:\
\
1. Columbia University no longer supports or updates kermit. The project has been moved to The Kermit Project {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.kermitproject.org/ck90.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.kermitproject.org/ck90.html}}
\b0 \
The latest version of kermit will be there. Most likely, you will need to compile that version from the source code using the "make" command.\
Note that you need to install Xcode before you can use the make command.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/technologies/tools/whats-new.html"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.apple.com/technologies/tools/whats-new.html}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 It is easy to compile the source code. Just read the makefile.\
It will tell you the make command to use. For instance,\
make macosx \
\
It creates a file called wermit.\
Just rename it to kermit and put it in the correct location (See note 5 below)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 2. You can verify that kermit is working by opening a connection to the Mac unix shell. Your prompt should say  C-Kermit>  \
\
3.  If the download link for Kermit changes in the future, just go to\
http://www.macupdate.com and do a search for C-Kermit\
\
4. If you have kermit working with MacWise on one Mac and would like to transfer it to another Mac, just copy the kermit folder from the working mac to the other mac.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
5. MacWise versions prior to 12.2.8 looked for the kermit app in a different location\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 ( ~User/library/kermit )\
The old location is still supported in newer versions but the new preferred location is\
~User/Library/Application Support/MacWise/kermit\
\
MacWise looks for kermit in the old location first. If it is not there, it looks for it in the new location.\
If you have it in the old location, it is best to delete it and put it in the new location to avoid confusion.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Kermit is a product of Columbia University\
Carnation Software does not provide support for Kermit.\
You can get more info at\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.columbia.edu/kermit/ck80.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.columbia.edu/kermit/ck80.html}}\
and\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.kermitproject.org/ck90.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf0 http://www.kermitproject.org/ck90.html}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
MacWise is a product of Carnation Software\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.carnationsoftware.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.carnationsoftware.com}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}