{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12340\viewh16640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 FTP File Transfers using MacWise in OS X
\b0 \
\
FTP file transfer capability is built into the Mac Unix Shell.\
You can send and receive files.\
\
Open a New Session Window (under the File Menu)\
This will be your ftp window.\
Then...\
1. Select Mac Unix Shell from the Connection Menu in MacWise.\
\
2. Type ftp. You will get the ftp prompt.\
\
3. To connect to your ftp host, type \'93ftp HostAddress\'94\
where HostAddress is the IP address of your host computer.\
\

\b Note
\b0 : if your ftp host requires a user name and password, it will prompt you for them.\
The user name prompt can be confusing because it already has your user name in it.\
For instance, you might see the prompt:\
Name (204.2.127.134:MyName):\
It might appear to you that you are already logged in, but the host is really asking\
for your user name. Enter the user name and then it will prompt you for a password.\
\
Type ls to see a list of files.\
If you need to look inside of folders use the cd command ( cd FolderName )\
\
4. To receive a file from the host, use the get command ( get FileName )\
5. To send files to the host, use the put command (put FileName )\
	\
Note 1: If you need secure ftp transfers use sftp instead of ftp.\
Note 2: The host will not allow a put if you are logged in anonymously\
After you receive a file to your Mac, double click on the hard drive icon and you will see the file.\
\

\b Commonly used FTP commands:
\b0 \
ls: directory listing equivalent to dir.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 ls -l: long directory listing, more detail.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 pwd: display the name of current directory.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 cd: change directory.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 lcd: change the local current directory.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 get: to download the file from the FTP server.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 put: to transfer file and place it on the FTP server.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 mget: to download multiple files from the FTP server.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 mput: to transfer multiple files to the FTP server.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 prompt: to turn on/off interactive mode.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 binary: to turn on binary mode.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 ascii: to turn on ascii mode.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 delete: to turn a file on FTP server.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 status: to display how the current FTP session is configured.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 mkdir: to make directory on FTP server.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 quit/close/bye/disconnect: to disconnect from the FTP server.\
Note: All FTP commands are case sensitive and should be in lower case.}