{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red8\green0\blue183;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11180\viewh17640\viewkind0
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Preferences
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs20 \cf0 	
\f0\b\fs24 Remember Window Positions and size
\b0  - MacWise will remember the size and position of your MacWise window when you close the window or quit and restart MacWise.\
	
\b Limit Screen Page Depth to 24 Lines
\b0  - Some host programs require the screen to scroll when the cursor is below the 24th line. If you are experiencing improper scrolling, then enable this option.\
Disable this option if you have a large monitor and want full page scrolling. \
Also, See "Previous Page Options" under the Edit menu for scrolling options.\

\f2\fs20 \

\f0\b\fs24 Warn User When Option - C Will Close the Connection
\f2  - 
\f0\b0  If the user presses Option - C on the keyboard, it will warn them that the connection is about to close.\
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Xymox Wyse 370 Mode
\f2  - 
\f0\b0  This is specifically for users of host software by Xymox, AKA Metropolis. It enables special Option Keys. Do not enable this option unless you are connecting to one of these hosts.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Use Keypad for Wyse 60 Edit Keys
\f2  - 
\f0\b0  This changes the configuration of the 10-key pad on your keyboard. When enabled, the keys are as follows:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The top row of the keypad on the Mac has the same function as a Wyse 60 terminal...\
Clear = / * becomes Ins Char, Del Char, Clr Line, Repl\
With the shift key held down:\
Clear = / * becomes Ins Line, Del Line, Clr Scrn, Ins\
\
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Allow Host to Enable Ansi Colors
\f2  - 
\f0\b0  If the host computer sends ansi color codes to MacWise, they will be displayed. Otherwise. MacWise will use all of the custom colors you have in the Colors... item under the Window Menu.\
\

\b Enable Alternate Keypad for VT Emulation
\f2  - 
\f0\b0  This changes the configuration of the 10-key pad on your keyboard for VT100 and VT220 Emulation.\
When enabled, the keys are as follows:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The top row of the keypad on the Mac becomes the PF keys...\
Clear = / * becomes PF1, PF2, PF3, PF4\
NOTE: Alternate Keypad mode can still be enabled by the host computer when\
this option is not turned on. This option just forces it to always be on.\
\
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Enter Key = Return Key
\f2  - 
\f0\b0  When you press the Enter key, it will be the same as pressing the Return key. \
\
\

\b MOUSE CLICK OPTIONS
\f3\b0\fs18 \

\f0\fs24 \

\b Clicking on a URL Link Works Only If It Is Underlined
\b0  - If this is enabled, you can only click on an \ul underlined\ulnone  web address URL or email address to launch your web browser or email program. If this option is disabled, It will launch the app even if the address is not underlined.\
For host controlled browser launching that does not require clicking, see\
"Launching Your Browser and Sending Email Under Host Control"\
\

\b Send Carriage Return on Single Mouse Click
\b0  - When you click on a menu number or word in the MacWise window, it will be sent to the host and a carriage return will be sent. Otherwise, just the number or word is sent and no carriage return.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Mouse Click Delimiter Character
\f2  - 
\f0\b0  The Mouse Clicks button Lets you specify the character that immediately follows your host menu item numbers (usually a period). This allows you to click on a menu item number without sending the period (or whatever character you specify). Also, If you click on any word on the screen, it will be sent to the host.\
\

\b Mouse Click Sends Column,row to host
\b0 \
\pard\li360\ri-1380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mouse click sends its cursor position to host preceded by ESC MOUSE\
(CCC,RR  where C=Column and R=Row)\
Example:\
Mouse is clicked on column 5 row 20\
MacWise sends ESC MOUSE 005,20 CR\
(where ESC = ASCII decimal 27 and CR = ASCII decimal 13)\
NOTE: Rows start at row zero for this function.
\f1\fs26 \

\f0\fs24 \
\pard\li360\ri360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Click on System Builder Menus
\b0  - When communicating with host computers running System Builder software, this option lets you click on menu items within the window to select the menu item.\
\

\b Disable Mouse Clicks
\b0  - When you click the mouse on text in the MacWise window, nothing will happen if this option is enabled. However, you can still click on the fkey buttons at the bottom of the window.\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 More Preferences Information
\b0 \
Versions of MacWise prior to version 10.b3 stored the settings in the MacWise folder.\
Settings are now stored in the user's Preference folder.\
This was done to accomodate multiple users on one Mac.\
You can log in with a different user name and your settings can be personalized.\
The MacWise folder is still shared among users. It is in the Applications folder.\
\
To find the MacWise preferences folder:\
Open your hard drive and click on the Home icon.\
Open the Library folder\
Open the Preferences folder\
Open the Carnation Software Prefs folder\
Open the 
\f4 MacWise Prefs folder\
Now you will see at least four files that belong to MacWise:\
defaults - stores most of your settings\
fkeydefaults - stores your fkey settings\
QuickDial - stores your QuickDial number for dialing with the modem.\
Recorder - the default file to hold data you record with the capture menu.
\f0 \
\
}