{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11240\viewh10780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
     The options are as follows:\
Note: Multiple options can be separated by spaces.\
Example:  -a -b\
\
\
\
     -a      Disables forwarding of the authentication agent connection.\
\
     -A      Enables forwarding of the authentication agent connection.  This\
             can also be specified on a per-host basis in a configuration\
             file.\
\
     -b bind_address\
             Specify the interface to transmit from on machines with multiple\
             interfaces or aliased addresses.\
\
     -c blowfish|3des|des\
             Selects the cipher to use for encrypting the session.  3des is\
             used by default.  It is believed to be secure.  3des (triple-des)\
             is an encrypt-decrypt-encrypt triple with three different keys.\
             blowfish is a fast block cipher, it appears very secure and is\
             much faster than 3des.  des is only supported in the ssh client\
             for interoperability with legacy protocol 1 implementations that\
             do not support the 3des cipher.  Its use is strongly discouraged\
             due to cryptographic weaknesses.\
\
     -c cipher_spec\
             Additionally, for protocol version 2 a comma-separated list of\
             ciphers can be specified in order of preference.  See Ciphers for\
             more information.\
\
     -e ch|^ch|none\
             Sets the escape character for sessions with a pty (default: `~').\
             The escape character is only recognized at the beginning of a\
             line.  The escape character followed by a dot (`.') closes the\
             connection, followed by control-Z suspends the connection, and\
             followed by itself sends the escape character once.  Setting the\
             character to ``none'' disables any escapes and makes the session\
             fully transparent.\
\
     -f      Requests ssh to go to background just before command execution.\
             This is useful if ssh is going to ask for passwords or\
             passphrases, but the user wants it in the background.  This\
             implies -n.  The recommended way to start X11 programs at a\
             remote site is with something like ssh -f host xterm.\
\
     -g      Allows remote hosts to connect to local forwarded ports.\
\
     -i identity_file\
             Selects a file from which the identity (private key) for RSA or\
             DSA authentication is read.  The default is $HOME/.ssh/identity\
             for protocol version 1, and $HOME/.ssh/id_rsa and\
             $HOME/.ssh/id_dsa for protocol version 2.  Identity files may\
             also be specified on a per-host basis in the configuration file.\
             It is possible to have multiple -i options (and multiple identi-\
             ties specified in configuration files).\
\
     -I smartcard_device\
             Specifies which smartcard device to use. The argument is the\
             device ssh should use to communicate with a smartcard used for\
             storing the user's private RSA key.\
\
     -k      Disables forwarding of Kerberos tickets and AFS tokens.  This may\
             also be specified on a per-host basis in the configuration file.\
\
     -l login_name\
             Specifies the user to log in as on the remote machine.  This also\
             may be specified on a per-host basis in the configuration file.\
\
     -m mac_spec\
             Additionally, for protocol version 2 a comma-separated list of\
             MAC (message authentication code) algorithms can be specified in\
             order of preference.  See the MACs keyword for more information.\
\
     -n      Redirects stdin from /dev/null (actually, prevents reading from\
             stdin).  This must be used when ssh is run in the background.  A\
             common trick is to use this to run X11 programs on a remote\
             machine.  For example, ssh -n shadows.cs.hut.fi emacs & will\
             start an emacs on shadows.cs.hut.fi, and the X11 connection will\
             be automatically forwarded over an encrypted channel.  The ssh\
             program will be put in the background.  (This does not work if\
             ssh needs to ask for a password or passphrase; see also the -f\
             option.)\
\
     -N      Do not execute a remote command.  This is useful for just for-\
             warding ports (protocol version 2 only).\
\
     -o option\
             Can be used to give options in the format used in the configura-\
             tion file.  This is useful for specifying options for which there\
             is no separate command-line flag.\
\
     -p port\
             Port to connect to on the remote host.  This can be specified on\
             a per-host basis in the configuration file.\
 \
     -P      Use a non-privileged port for outgoing connections.  This can be\
             used if a firewall does not permit connections from privileged\
             ports.  Note that this option turns off RhostsAuthentication and\
             RhostsRSAAuthentication for older servers.\
\
     -q      Quiet mode.  Causes all warning and diagnostic messages to be\
             suppressed.\
\
     -s      May be used to request invocation of a subsystem on the remote\
             system. Subsystems are a feature of the SSH2 protocol which\
             facilitate the use of SSH as a secure transport for other appli-\
             cations (eg. sftp). The subsystem is specified as the remote com-\
             mand.\
\
     -t      Force pseudo-tty allocation.  This can be used to execute arbi-\
             trary screen-based programs on a remote machine, which can be\
             very useful, e.g., when implementing menu services.  Multiple -t\
             options force tty allocation, even if ssh has no local tty.\
\
     -T      Disable pseudo-tty allocation.\
\
     -v      Verbose mode.  Causes ssh to print debugging messages about its\
             progress.  This is helpful in debugging connection, authentica-\
             tion, and configuration problems.  Multiple -v options increases\
             the verbosity.  Maximum is 3.\
\
     -x      Disables X11 forwarding.\
\
     -X      Enables X11 forwarding.  This can also be specified on a per-host\
             basis in a configuration file.\
\
     -C      Requests compression of all data (including stdin, stdout,\
             stderr, and data for forwarded X11 and TCP/IP connections).  The\
             compression algorithm is the same used by gzip(1), and the\
             ``level'' can be controlled by the CompressionLevel option.  Com-\
             pression is desirable on modem lines and other slow connections,\
             but will only slow down things on fast networks.  The default\
             value can be set on a host-by-host basis in the configuration\
             files; see the Compression option.\
\
     -F configfile\
             Specifies an alternative per-user configuration file.  If a con-\
             figuration file is given on the command line, the system-wide\
             configuration file (/etc/ssh_config) will be ignored.  The\
             default for the per-user configuration file is $HOME/.ssh/config.\
 \
     -L port:host:hostport\
             Specifies that the given port on the local (client) host is to be\
             forwarded to the given host and port on the remote side.  This\
             works by allocating a socket to listen to port on the local side,\
             and whenever a connection is made to this port, the connection is\
             forwarded over the secure channel, and a connection is made to\
             host port hostport from the remote machine.  Port forwardings can\
             also be specified in the configuration file.  Only root can for-\
             ward privileged ports.  IPv6 addresses can be specified with an\
             alternative syntax: port/host/hostport\
\
     -R port:host:hostport\
             Specifies that the given port on the remote (server) host is to\
             be forwarded to the given host and port on the local side.  This\
             works by allocating a socket to listen to port on the remote\
             side, and whenever a connection is made to this port, the connec-\
             tion is forwarded over the secure channel, and a connection is\
             made to host port hostport from the local machine.  Port forward-\
             ings can also be specified in the configuration file.  Privileged\
             ports can be forwarded only when logging in as root on the remote\
             machine.  IPv6 addresses can be specified with an alternative\
             syntax: port/host/hostport\
 \
     -D port\
             Specifies a local ``dynamic'' application-level port forwarding.\
             This works by allocating a socket to listen to port on the local\
             side, and whenever a connection is made to this port, the connec-\
             tion is forwarded over the secure channel, and the application\
             protocol is then used to determine where to connect to from the\
             remote machine.  Currently the SOCKS4 protocol is supported, and\
             ssh will act as a SOCKS4 server.  Only root can forward privi-\
             leged ports.  Dynamic port forwardings can also be specified in\
             the configuration file.\
\
     -1      Forces ssh to try protocol version 1 only.\
\
     -2      Forces ssh to try protocol version 2 only.\
\
     -4      Forces ssh to use IPv4 addresses only.\
\
     -6      Forces ssh to use IPv6 addresses only.\
}